Add flexible post processing (#478)
ivadomed/ivadomed: docs/source/configuration_file.rst

   ``max_percentile``)
-  ``Clahe`` (parameters: ``clip_limit``, ``kernel_size``)
-  ``RandomReverse``

.. _Uncertainty:

Uncertainty
___________

Uncertainty computation is performed if ``n_it>0`` and at least
``epistemic`` or ``aleatoric`` is ``true``. Note: both ``epistemic`` and
``aleatoric`` can be ``true``.

epistemic
^^^^^^^^^
Bool. Model-based uncertainty with `Monte Carlo Dropout <https://arxiv.org/abs/1506.02142>`__.

aleatoric
^^^^^^^^^
Bool. Image-based uncertainty with `test-time augmentation <https://doi.org/10.1016/j.neucom.2019.01.103>`__.

n_it
^^^^
Integer. Number of Monte Carlo iterations. Set to 0 for no uncertainty computation.

Postprocessing
--------------

binarize\_prediction
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Dict. Binarizes predictions according to the given threshold ``thr``. Predictions below the threshold become 0, and
predictions above or equal to threshold become 1.

- ``thr``: Float. Threshold is between 0 and 1. To use soft predictions
  (i.e. no binarisation, float between 0 and 1) for metric computation, indicate -1.

fill\_holes
^^^^^^^^^^^

> Dict. Fill holes in the predictions. No parameters required (e.i., {}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dict. Fill holes in the predictions. No parameters required (i.e., {}).
```

keep\_largest
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Dict. Keeps only the largest object in prediction. Only nearest neighbors are connected to the center,
> diagonally-connected elements are not considered neighbors. No parameters required (e.i, {})

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dict. Keeps only the largest connected object in prediction. Only nearest neighbors are connected to the center,
diagonally-connected elements are not considered neighbors. No parameters required (i.e., {})
```

remove\_noise
^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> Dict. Sets to zero prediction values under the given threshold ``thr``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dict. Sets to zero prediction values strictly below the given threshold ``thr``.
```

- ``thr``: Float. Threshold is between 0 and 1. Threshold set to ``-1`` will not apply this postprocessing step.

remove\_small
^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Dict. Remove small objects from the prediction. An object is defined as a group of connected voxels. Only nearest
neighbors are connected to the center, diagonally-connected elements are not considered neighbors.

- ``unit``: String. Either "vox" for voxels or "mm3". Indicates the unit used to define the minimal object size.
- ``thr``: Int. Minimal object size.

threshold\_uncertainty
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Dict. Removes the most uncertain predictions (set to 0) according to a threshold ``thr`` using the uncertainty file with
the suffix ``suffix``. To apply this method, uncertainty needs to be evaluated on the predictions with the
:ref:`uncertainty <Uncertainty>` parameter.

- ``thr``: Float. Threshold is between 0 and 1. Threshold set to ``-1`` will not apply this postprocessing step.
- ``suffix``: String. Indicates the suffix of an uncertainty file. Choices: ``_unc-vox.nii.gz`` for voxel-wise
  uncertainty, ``_unc-avgUnc.nii.gz`` for structure-wise uncertainty derived from mean value of ``_unc-vox.nii.gz``

>   within a given connected object, or ``_unc-cv`` for structure-wise uncertainty derived from coefficient of variation.

Reviewer: I am guessing you are not mentioning `unc_iou` since the lower the more uncertain. But I am thinking we could still offer the possibility of using it: if iou >> remove vox below thr ; otherwise remove above thr.

Author: I added this possibility in the code + documentation 27bd3cc and e1c5a70

Evaluation parameters
---------------------
Dict. Parameters to get object detection metrics (true positive and false detection rates), and this, for defined
object sizes.

targetSize
^^^^^^^^^^
- ``unit``: String. Either "vox" for voxels or "mm3". Indicates the unit used to define the target object sizes.

> - ``thr``: List. containing two int values. The two values will create 3 target size bins: minimal size to first list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ``thr``: List. Containing int values. These values will create several consecutive target size bins. For instance with a list of two values, we will have three target size bins: minimal size to first list
```

Reviewer: We used it with two values, but in theory the code is code to any values: 4 values --> 5 bins. etc

  element, first list element to second list element, and second list element to infinity.

overlap
^^^^^^^
- ``unit``: String. Either "vox" for voxels or "mm3". Indicates the unit used to define the overlap.
- ``thr``: Int. Minimal object size overlapping to be considered a TP, FP, or FN.

Examples
--------

Examples of configuration files: `config\_config.json <ivadomed/config/config.json>`__.

In particular:

- `config\_classification.json <ivadomed/config/config_classification.json>`__. Is dedicated to classification task.

- `config\_sctTesting.json <ivadomed/config/config_sctTesting.json>`__. Is a user case of 2D segmentation using a U-Net model.

- `config\_spineGeHemis.json <ivadomed/config/config_spineGeHemis.json>`__. Shows how to use the HeMIS-UNet.

- `config\_tumorSeg.json <ivadomed/config/config_tumorSeg.json>`__. Runs a 3D segmentation using a 3D UNet.

> =======

Reviewer: Thanks for making the doc much clearer!
